[GSProcessing] Categorical Feature Transformation (#623)
awslabs/graphstorm: docs/source/gs-processing/developer/input-configuration.rst

        by specifying a slide-window size ``s``, where ``s`` can an integer or float. GSProcessing then transforms each
        numeric value ``v`` of the property into a range from ``v - s/2`` through ``v + s/2`` , and assigns the value v
        to every bucket that the range covers.

-  ``categorical``

>    -  Transforms one value from a fixed list of possible values which can be treated as a categorical feature which are encoded using one-hot encoding. No kwargs required for categorical feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   -  Transforms values from a fixed list of possible values (categorical features) to a one-hot encoding.
   The length of the resulting vector will be the number of categories in the data minus one, with a 1 in
   the index of the single category, and zero everywhere else.
```

-  ``multi-categorical``

>    -  Apply column-wise transformation for vector-like data from a fixed list of possible values which can be treated as a categorical feature which are encoded using multi-hot encoding.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   -  Encodes vector-like data from a fixed list of possible values (i.e. multi-label/multi-categorical data) using a multi-hot encoding. The length of the resulting vector will be the number of categories in the data minus one, and each value will have a 1 value for every category that appears, and 0 everwhere else.
```

   -  ``kwargs``:
      - ``separator`` (String, optional): Same as the one in the No-op operation, the separator is used to

>         split input value in CSV format. If it is not provided, then the whole value will be considered as an array.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        split multiple input values for CSV files e.g. ``detective|noir``. If it is not provided, then the whole value will be considered as an array.
```

> --------------

Reviewer: Let's create a note about hard-coded limit of 100 categories, as in https://docs.aws.amazon.com/neptune/latest/userguide/machine-learning-feature-encoding.html#machine-learning-categorical-features

Use the `.. note::` rst env: https://sublime-and-sphinx-guide.readthedocs.io/en/latest/notes_warnings.html
